Tweak Google Cast documentation (#17676)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/cast.markdown

  description: A comma-separated list of UUIDs of Cast devices to add to Home Assistant. **Use only if you don't want to add all available devices.** The device won't be added until discovered through either mDNS or if it's included in the list of known hosts. In order to find the UUID for your device use a mDNS browser or advanced users can use the following Python command (adjust friendly names as required) - `python3 -c "import pychromecast; print(pychromecast.get_listed_chromecasts(friendly_names=['Living Room TV', 'Bedroom TV', 'Office Chromecast']))`. This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.
Ignore CEC:
  description: A comma-separated list of Chromecasts that should ignore CEC data for determining the

>         active input. [See the upstream documentation for more information](https://github.com/balloob/pychromecast#ignoring-cec-data). This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        active input. [See the upstream documentation for more information](https://github.com/home-assistant-libs/pychromecast#ignoring-cec-data). This option is only visible if advanced mode is enabled in your user profile.
```
